No BS Guide to Freelance Negotiation
Screencasts on getting paid what you're worth!


Are you paid what you're worth?

Or do you feel like your customers are out-negotiating you?

I think most freelancers charge way to little for their services.  Just think your work will increase your customers profits 10x, 20x, even 100x.  

My first consulting contract I ever took on, I was pinned against a wall asking right away "What is your price?".  Intimidated I blurted out my minimum price, which they happily accepted.  

Later I found out that since I was a sub contractor working under him he was making 120/hr for every hour I worked! 

Have you ever felt like you have been used like this before?

This was my negotiation awakening.

Before this I never paid attention to negotiation, since I thought it was all about scamming people out of their money.  

But I soon realized that it was about charging what I am worth.

After realizing this fact, I devoured blogs, articles, books and anything I could get my hands on to learn more about charging what I am worth.  

Now I love negotiations.

People have come to me saying that they would like to learn more about how I approach negotiations and how I am able to charge what I am worth rather than what they want to pay.

Introducing the No BS Guide to Freelance Negotiation

The tools I have learned from years of study have been distilled into three modules.  Each module contains video, and transcripts for distilled from thousands of pages of material.

This course is designed so that you can internalize these modules by listening, watching, and reading the material.


Structure:

1. Listening and collecting information

Negotiation starts before you talk about price.  This section goes over how to go about knowing what your customers want, what to ask them about, and how to distill that information in an easy to digest format.

2. Value creation

Many people talk about value creation like it is some checkmark on a list where you "synergize your paradigms".  In this module you will learn that value creation is using what you have learned about your customer to then create stellar offers full of perceived value.  To overflow your customers value bucket.

3. Tactics

This section is last for a reason.  Tactics are only useful with a foundation in value and listening.  Here you will learn how to negotiate on price.  Also you will learn about how to be your customers partner not employee, and why you should never lower your price for the same value.



After you complete this course you will never:

1. Lower your price without lowering your value
2. Be treated as an employee
3. End up negotiating with the HR department on a new contract
4. Negotiate on price without researching their issues first



Here are a few things you'll hear, see, and get to apply to your business:

* How to craft a effective proposal
* Taking your customer from prospect into happily paying customer
* Effective client researching and problem solving
* How to leverage your business further
* Techniques to help prospects make a decision that pays you well, and they are happy about
* Ways to communicate the value of the product or service you provide--when ROI cannot be calculated
* How to separate non-buyers with the buyers
* Turning down clients who aren't in your best interest

This isn't something you do overnight but using the mental models laid out you will be able to charge much better rates and make your clients much happier.

The course is $99, though for a limited time you can pre-order for $49


About me?

* Run a successful freelancing business, while being able to double my rates 3 times over the last 4 years.
* Understand both big contracts (>90,000) and small (2,000)
* I was an awful negotiator when I started.  But through study I've learned how to be effective.
* I'm not a pushy sales slimeball.
* I've done everything that I lay out in the course.  I wouldn't ask you to do something I haven't already done myself.

I've learned that negotiation is not about scamming people but helping them realize your value.

Are you ready to be paid what you're worth?

Pre-order for $49.


Refund Policy:

I am committed to you succeeding and being satisfied with the screencast -- and I want to make sure that you are happy.  If at any time you are not satisfied with the No BS Guide to Freelance Negotiation, you are welcome to a 100% money back guarantee.  Your refund will be issued within one week to your credit card.

Questions? email me at boss@modulus7.com or send me a message on twitter @mjkirk.









